event_manager: Add hooks (#6846)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF9160: Asset Tracker v2
-------------------------

> * Added:

Reviewer: No, just messed up changelog entries.

* Added:

>   * Universal hooks for event manager initialization, event submission, preprocessing and postprocessing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Universal hooks for event manager initialization, event submission, preprocessing, and postprocessing.
```

>     This includes implementation of hooks registering macros:
>     - :c:macro:`EVENT_MANAGER_HOOK_POSTINIT_REGISTER`
>     - :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_ON_SUBMIT_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_ON_SUBMIT_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_ON_SUBMIT_REGISTER_LAST`
>     - :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_PREPROCESS_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_PREPROCESS_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_PREPROCESS_REGISTER_LAST`
>     - :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER_LAST`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This includes implementation of macros that register hooks, grouped as follows:
    
    * :c:macro:`EVENT_MANAGER_HOOK_POSTINIT_REGISTER`
    * :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_ON_SUBMIT_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_ON_SUBMIT_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_ON_SUBMIT_REGISTER_LAST`
    * :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_PREPROCESS_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_PREPROCESS_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_PREPROCESS_REGISTER_LAST`
    * :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER_LAST`
```

>     - :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER_FIRST`, :c:macro:`EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCESSS_REGISTER_LAST`

Reviewer: @rakons , is this a typo or intended triple S? `EVENT_HOOK_POSTPROCE[SSS]_REGISTER_LAST`

Author: Three S are not intentional here. I will fix it.

* Updated:

>   * Event manager Profiler Tracer is no longer directly referenced from Event Manager.
>     It uses Event Manager hooks to connect with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`event_manager_profiler_tracer` library is no longer directly referenced from Event Manager.
    It uses Event Manager hooks to connect with the manager.
```

>   * Event manager Profiler Tracer no longer use orphaned sections to store profiler information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`event_manager_profiler_tracer` library no longer uses orphaned sections to store profiler information.
```
